Let's close this down so
we can work on or get introduced to
exercise 6, Which we will do now.
So open up the readme in exercise 6 and
stop the server for
exercise 5, run node dev 6.
Then we'll come over here, go to 4006,
log in with kody@remix.run,
kodylovesyou, and boom,
we're back in the app, back in action.
And instantly, poof,
we get the logout modal.
So this is actually what
we're gonna be working on.
You may not have noticed, but
there was a logout modal that pops up
after I think an hour or something.
In this exercise, we've reduced that
to five seconds, and then you get
another two seconds before this modal
goes away and you get logged out.
So your job is to implement
the auto logout functionality.
We're doing a mutation that is imperative.
The user didn't do anything, and so
we're going to log them out automatically.
All of the modal stuff, the timers,
all of that is implemented for you.
This is not a React workshop.
So your job is just to trigger the fetch
that will make them be logged out.
So I give an example of what actually
how I've done something like
this on my own blog.
And my blog,
I actually use a fetcher for this.
In our case,
we're actually doing a navigation, and so
we're not gonna use a fetcher
cuz a fetcher has no navigation.
We're actually gonna navigate
them to the login screen.
So we're going to be using useSubmit,
which is the exact same as useFetcher, or
it's the exact same as useFetcher.submit,
except it actually triggers a navigation.
So that's what we're gonna be using.
And yeah,
you're gonna be working in the app root.
So have an excellent experience
on your exercise 6, and
we'll see you on the other side.